Product Advocate (Support) 

Austin, TX · 2 weeks ago · 74 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


On-site

Full-time
Apply

Save
Your profile matches the required qualifications well



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?



See how you compare to 74 others who clicked apply

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Try Premium for $0

People you can reach out to

Jenny Harrison 

• 2nd

RevOps Program Manager at Zello

School alum from Rutgers University


Connect
About the job
IMPORTANT: Please be aware, scammers may try to impersonate Zello by reaching out regarding job opportunities. We will never ask you for bank account information, checks, or other sensitive information as part of our hiring process. All correspondence will come from the zello.com email domain. If you’re unsure, please email recruiting@zello.com with questions. 

About Zello

Zello is a voice-first communication platform, powered by our industry-leading push-to-talk technology, to improve collaboration and productivity for desk-less workers. With over 175+ million users, we’re the #1 rated push-to-talk app in the world, delivering 9 billion (yes, with a B) messages a month.

At Zello, our company values are at the heart of what we do everyday. We’re proud to serve the frontline, we’re privileged to connect people in times of crisis across the globe, and we’re honored to support first responders.

And this is where you come in.

We are looking for a customer-focused Product Advocate who is a friendly Zello superhero, knowledgeable about the product, passionate about helping people, and excited about improving the lives of frontline workers with modern communication technology. You'll be the face of our company, talking with customers and assisting them every step of the way with account configuration, provisioning users and channels, and providing advanced troubleshooting. The ideal candidate has the drive and ambition to use this opportunity as a launchpad to start a successful technology marketing, engineering, product, or sales career. Your growth is limitless.

You will report to the Product Advocate Manager and work closely with product, engineering, and customer teams to create an exceptional product and customer experience.

What you’ll do

Assist new and existing customers over the phone, email, and support tickets.
Troubleshoot product technical issues using advanced problem-solving skills, leveraging internal tools, and escalating to the engineering team when appropriate.
Improve our understanding of customers and how they use Zello by capturing discovery information in the CRM and communicating with the team.
Become an expert in Zello products and a go-to person to answer product questions externally and internally.
Help new customers set up their corporate accounts by understanding their use case and matching it against Zello's capabilities to design and implement the optimal configuration.

Mission

Skills

Apply technical and troubleshooting skills and an advanced knowledge of Zello products to provide the first-level technical support to Zello customers.This includes:

Customer Support & Issue Resolution
Technical Troubleshooting & Escalation
Onboarding & Implementation Support

The Product Advocate is the face of Zello to all Zello Work customers. They provide a level of support and understanding of the Zello product to assist customers in the moment and enable them to use and manage Zello effectively. Products Advocate bridge the gap between our customer and our product engineering team, escalating issues where needed and relaying feature requests and an intimate knowledge of customer experience.

The support engineer's detailed product knowledge, customer-facing communication skills, technical acumen, and exposure to a broad range of use cases and common issues, uniquely position them to solve some of the most challenging problems impacting our customers.

Customer Support & Issue Resolution

Assist new and existing customers over the phone, email, and support tickets.
Troubleshoot product technical issues using advanced problem-solving skills, leveraging internal tools, and escalating to the engineering team when appropriate.

Technical Troubleshooting & Escalation

Troubleshoot product technical issues using advanced problem-solving skills, leveraging internal tools, and escalating to the engineering team when appropriate.

Customer Insights & Communication

Improve our understanding of customers and how they use Zello by capturing discovery information in the CRM and communicating with the team.

Product Knowledge & Internal Support

Become an expert in Zello products and a go-to person to answer product questions externally and internally.

Onboarding & Implementation Support

Help new customers set up their corporate accounts by understanding their use case and matching it against Zello's capabilities to design and implement the optimal configuration.

Who you are

You bring energy, enthusiasm, and empathy. You are self-motivated, positive, and passionate about helping others.
You have a track record of quickly learning new product features and processes.
You bring technical understanding and advanced problem-solving skills.
You bring exceptional customer management skills. You understand the importance of maintaining timely, transparent, and relevant communication with customers and internal stakeholders.
Attention to detail, which you'll show by mentioning "orange" in your application or cover letter.
A college degree (a degree in business or technology is a plus). Recent graduates are strongly encouraged to apply.

We hire for potential, passion for our mission, and a knack for solving difficult problems over checking every qualification box. We have competitive pay, equity with significant upside, and intentionally design our benefits to encourage healthy and well-balanced employees, flexible schedules and time off. We even offer a sabbatical after every five years of service so you’re able to pursue and enjoy what matters most to you. And of course, we wouldn’t be a technology company in Austin without a ping-pong table and free snacks in our break room. Join us!