Technical Customer Experience Specialist

Austin, TX · 4 days ago · 37 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn


$118.6K/yr - $139.5K/yr

Remote

Full-time
Apply

Save
Your profile matches the required qualifications well



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?



See how you compare to 37 others who clicked apply

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Try Premium for $0

People you can reach out to

School alumni from Rutgers University


Show all
About the job
About Crunchbase
Crunchbase is a predictive solution that provides intelligence on private companies, powered by the unique combination of live private company data, AI, and market activity from over 80 million users. We predict private market movements that matter to help investors, dealmakers, and analysts make the right decisions.

We are committed to fostering a positive, diverse, and inclusive culture by hiring for potential and embracing individuals with diverse perspectives, backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. We value transparency and openness, believing that an inclusive environment strengthens our teams and enhances our products.

Crunchbase has a remote-first approach, and is open to hiring in residents of these states: California, Colorado, Illinois, Florida, Georgia, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington, and Maine.

Our inclusive remote-first culture, competitive pay, and employee wellness benefits set us apart!

About the Role:
As a Technical Support Specialist at Crunchbase, you will be instrumental in supporting our API customers and delivering a high-quality technical support experience. This role requires a mix of customer empathy, product expertise, and technical proficiency to resolve issues efficiently and ensure customer satisfaction. You'll be responsible for working within Zendesk queues, handling our product suite, including API-related inquiries, and using your knowledge of  SQL, Python, and system logs to diagnose and resolve customer issues. You’ll also help identify trends, contribute to documentation, and work cross-functionally to improve support processes and product quality.

What You'll Do:
Product Expertise: Apply deep product and technical knowledge to diagnose complex customer issues, translate technical concepts into clear guidance, and ensure a seamless, confidence-building customer experience. Be a subject-matter expert on Crunchbase API products and systems to provide technical support to customers using our API, including authentication, query structure, data access, and integration guidance.

Customer Service Excellence: Handle customer inquiries with professionalism, accuracy, efficiency, and empathy through Zendesk or email to troubleshoot issues, provide solutions, and exceed customer expectations to foster positive relationships.

AI Enablement: Leverage AI tools and insights to streamline customer experience workflows, personalize ongoing customer communications at scale, and surface experience trends and friction points to improve engagement and satisfaction.

Scalability and Efficiency: Identify recurring customer issues, contributing to systematic solutions for effective scaling, and enhancing tools and processes to ensure a smooth customer experience as the company grows.

Project Work: Engage in project-based initiatives to improve overall customer experience and operational efficiency, collaborating cross-functionally to implement innovative solutions and drive continuous improvement.

Documentation: Create and maintain detailed internal and external-facing documentation for products and services, ensuring it is comprehensive, accessible, and supports both customers and internal teams.

Collaboration: Collaborate across departments to relay customer feedback and insights, acting as a bridge between customers and internal teams to facilitate effective communication and alignment, fostering continuous improvement.

What We're Looking For:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, Communications, Information Technology, or a related field preferred

Minimum of 3 years in a technical support, developer support, or customer-facing technical role.

Experience in SaaS or startup environments is a plus.

Proven experience managing mid to high ticket volume.

In-depth understanding and quick adaptability in Crunchbase products, CX systems, and Zendesk.

Proficiency with SQL, Python, and a working knowledge of REST APIs.

Ability to investigate, troubleshoot and resolve technical issues independently.

Demonstrated curiosity and comfort using AI tools to enhance productivity and creativity

Ability to identify when and how to use AI responsibly while maintaining data privacy and accuracy

Compensation Package: 
The base salary range for this position is $118,592 - $139,520. We also offer equity in the form of stock options on top of that as the total compensation package.

What Crunchbase Offers:
At Crunchbase, we’re building a culture where talented people can grow, innovate, and make an impact. We invest in our team so everyone has the support, tools, and trust to do meaningful work and thrive — personally and professionally.


Here’s what you can expect:

Competitive compensation and equity — rewarding you for your contributions and ownership mindset

Remote-first flexibility — work primarily from home within our list of approved states, with opportunities for in-person collaboration

Comprehensive health benefits for you and your family, including medical, dental, and vision coverage (PPO, HDHP, and HMO options)

Continuous learning support through generous reimbursement for professional development and skills growth

401(k) and Roth plans with an annual financial adviser check-in to help you plan your future

Wellness resources — including a monthly stipend to support physical and mental health

Work-from-home enablement — internet stipend and home office setup allowance

Charitable giving match through our Town Hall awards and community impact initiatives

A mission-driven, transparent team of creative thinkers and builders passionate about helping companies connect and grow

At Crunchbase, we value team members who are passionate and enthusiastic about what we're building here. We believe there is no "perfect" candidate, and want to encourage applying even if all the requirements listed aren’t met. If you're passionate about Crunchbase and looking to learn and grow, then we look forward to reviewing your application!

Crunchbase does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, veteran status, military obligations, or marital status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Every day our team is honored to work with entrepreneurs and innovators from every corner of the globe, and we aim to build a team that reflects the diversity of our customers. Each individual at Crunchbase brings their own perspectives, work experiences, lifestyles, and cultures with them, and we believe that a more diverse team creates more innovative products, provides a better service to its customers, and helps us all grow and learn as individuals.