Client Success Lead 

Austin, TX · Reposted 3 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


Remote

Full-time
Apply

Save
Your profile matches some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?



See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Try Premium for $0

People you can reach out to

School alumni from Rutgers University


Show all
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

We are seeking a dynamic and experienced Client Success Lead to join our team. The ideal candidate will have 4-6 years of proven client experience, preferably in the financial technology sector. The CSM will be instrumental in maintaining client relationships, ensuring satisfaction, and fostering revenue growth.

What You’ll Do

Deliver a proactive client management strategy to encourage growth & retention with our merchant partners 
Identify upsell and cross-sell opportunities to enhance client value and devise strategies to capitalize on them 
Provide prompt and effective support to address client needs and inquiries. 
Conduct regular performance reviews and gather client feedback 
Collaborate with internal teams to resolve client issues and requests promptly. 
Stay abreast of industry trends and market developments to anticipate client needs. 
Collaborate cross-functionally to execute strategies to support clients. 
Ensure alignment between client goals and internal priorities and deliverables. 
Demonstrate resourcefulness and flexibility in navigating changing environments. 
Maintain a thorough understanding of company products and services to provide accurate information and support to clients. 

What We Look For

Bachelor's degree with at least 4-6 years of account management experience, preferably in the financial technology industry. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to build rapport with clients and stakeholders. 
Self-motivated, proactive, and able to work independently or as part of a team. 
Comfortable in fast-paced, high-pressure environments managing multiple priorities. 
Proficiency in CRM software (e.g., Salesforce) and Microsoft Office suite. 
Knowledge of marketing technologies and and e-commerce preferred 